Move warning of open registration to v1.56 upgrade notes (#12322)
matrix-org/synapse: CHANGES.md

Synapse 1.56.0rc1 (2022-03-29)
==============================

> Synapse will now refuse to start up if open registration is enabled, in order to help reduce
> the number of homeservers that have accidentally left registration publicly accessible. These
> are increasingly used as vectors of attack for spam across the federation. If you would like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Synapse will now refuse to start up if open registration is enabled, in order to help mitigate
abuse across the federation. If you would like
```

to provide registration to anyone, consider adding [email](https://github.com/matrix-org/synapse/blob/8a519f8abc6de772167c2cca101d22ee2052fafc/docs/sample_config.yaml#L1285),
[recaptcha](https://matrix-org.github.io/synapse/v1.56/CAPTCHA_SETUP.html)

> or [token-based verification](https://matrix-org.github.io/synapse/v1.56/usage/administration/admin_api/registration_tokens.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or [token-based](https://matrix-org.github.io/synapse/v1.56/usage/administration/admin_api/registration_tokens.html) verification
```

since "verification" applies to both token, email and recaptcha, it feels weird to include in the link and makes it more difficult to read imo

in order to prevent automated registration from bad actors.

This check can be disabled by setting the `enable_registration_without_verification` option in your

> homeserver configuration file. More details are available in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
homeserver configuration file to `true`. More details are available in the
```
